---
title: Aquatic Facility Licence
permalink: /browse-all-licences/National-Environment-Agency-(NEA)/Aquatic-Facility-Licence
third_nav_title: National Environment Agency (NEA)
---

## Apply for Aquatic Facility Licence

National Environment Agency (NEA)

{% include button.html text="Apply on GoBusiness Licensing" src="https://licence1.business.gov.sg/feportal/web/frontier/eAdvisor?redirection=true&selectedLicenceIds=61" type="primary" %}

<H3>Application Details</H3>

<p>For operating a public aquatic facility.</p>
<h3>FAQ</h3>
<ol>
<li><strong>Do I need to apply for this licence?</strong><br />You will need to apply for an Aquatic Facility Licence if you intend to operate a public aquatic facility. The purpose of licensing is to ensure that water quality of aquatic facilities are safe for use. Examples of aquatic facilities that required a licence are:- swimming pools, water playgrounds (including interactive water fountain), spa pools in premises such as condominiums, shopping centres, hotels, country clubs, etc.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>What conditions do I need to fulfil?</strong><br />If you are taking over an existing premises, please note that we will cancel the existing aquatic facilities licence once the new aquatic licence is approved. The criteria for approval are as follows:<br /><br />Eligibility of Applicant<em> </em>- Only the following can apply for a licence:<br />   a) Singaporean or Permanent Resident for an individual<br />   b) Company registered with ACRA (Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority):  Application by a company not registered with ACRA cannot be accepted as it is not recognized as a properly constituted company. The sole proprietor or the active partner should apply for an aquatic facility licence in his name.<br />   c) Association/ Society registered with Registrar of Societies<br />   d) Management Corporation Strata Title (MCST)<br /><br />The licence will be issued to the developer until such time the MCST is properly constituted.<br /><br />A clear and scaled layout plan of the premises showing the details of sanitary, drainage and washing facilities etc.<br /><br />For self-employed persons, please ensure that your Medisave contributions are paid up before applying for a licence. <br /><br />Compliance of the list of licensing requirements. Applicants should refer to the list of licensing requirements and use it to plan the setup of the aquatic facility.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>What supporting documents do I need to submit?<br /></strong>You are required to furnish the following documents to NEA for processing:<br />a) BCA Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP) and/or Approval for Addition and Alteration Work<br />b) Planning approval from relevant agency for change of use and/or addition and alteration work (if applicable)<br />c) Sectional plan of each Aquatic Facility<br />d) Water Quality Management Plan<br />e) BCA approved building plan where aquatic facility is located<br />f) Aquatic Facility format for each Aquatic Facility<br />g) Schematic diagram of Aquatic Facility Pumps and filters catalogue Latest bacteriological and chemical water sampling results<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>How soon can my application be processed?</strong><br />We will send out a letter reply to you within 5 working days of receipt of the application. If the application is incomplete, you will be informed to furnish the pending documents/information within 2 weeks. The total time taken by an applicant from the start of an aquatic facility application to receipt of licence may vary , depending on compliance of licensing requirements , complete and accurate submission of required documents, and payment of licence fee.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>How much does this licence cost and how long is it valid?</strong><br />The Aquatic Facility Licence costs $200 and is valid for one year. The licence is to be renewed annually. Please note that no refund of fees will be allowed once payment has been made.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Who can I contact for further details?</strong><br />For enquiries you may contact us at <a href="tel:18002255632" target="_blank" rel="noopener">1800-2255-632</a> or email us at <a href="mailto:NEA_AF_Licences@nea.gov.sg" target="_blank" rel="noopener">NEA_AF_Licences@nea.gov.sg</a><br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>What is the application process like?</strong><br />You will receive a reply informing you of the result of your application. If your application and supporting documents are in order, an in-principle approval and a list of licensing requirements for compliance will be given to you. Please inform the Licensing & Environmental Assessment Department to arrange for a site inspection to verify the compliance of all the licensing requirements. Upon verification of the licensing requirements and payment of licence fee, the licence will be issued to you.</li>
<li><strong>Do I have to apply for a licence for a home spa pool/jacuzzi/swimming pool?</strong><br />A licence is not required for spa pool/jacuzzi/swimming pool in a private residential house.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>If I own an interactive water fountain, what type of aquatic facility do I select when applying for a licence?</strong><br />Please select 'Water Playground/Interactive Water Fountain' as the Type of Aquatic Facility (AF) to be licensed.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>If I own a swimming pool with aerosol generating (AG) features (e.g. water curtains, spray guns, nozzle-like spray feature, etc), what type of aquatic facility do I select when applying for a licence?</strong><br />Please select 'Swimming Pool with AG features' as the Type of Aquatic Facility (AF) to be licensed.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>If I only own a spa pool, what type of aquatic facility do I select when applying for a licence?</strong><br />Please select 'Spa Pool' as the Type of Aquatic Facility (AF) to be licensed.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>If I have one or more types of aquatic facilities sharing a filtration system, what type of aquatic facility do I select when applying for a licence?</strong><br />If one or more AFs, with the same pool of water recirculating in the AFs, are sharing a common filtration system, they will be considered as one AF system. There will be a licence fee to be paid per AF system.<br /><br />Please select 'Swimming Pool with AG features' as the Type of Aquatic Facility to be licensed, if you have the following AF system(s):<br />a) a spa sharing a common filtration system with a swimming pool; or<br />b) a water playground with AG features (e.g. water buckets, spray guns, water curtain, nozzle-like spray feature, etc) sharing a common filtration system with a swimming pool<br /><br />Please select 'Spa Pool' as the Type of Aquatic Facility to be licensed, if you have the following AF system(s):<br />a) a wading pool with AG features (e.g. water buckets, spray guns, water curtain, nozzle-like spray feature, etc) sharing a common filtration system with a spa pool; or<br />b) a spa pool sharing a common filtration system with a water playground<br /><br />Please select 'Water Playground/Interactive Water Fountain' as the Type of Aquatic Facility to be licensed, if you have the following AF system(s):<br />a) a wading pool without AG play features (e.g. slides, see-saw, etc) sharing a common filtration system with water playground; or<br />b) a wading pool with AG play features (e.g. water buckets, spray guns, water curtain, nozzle-like spray feature, etc) sharing a common filtration system with a wading pool<br /><br />If you have a water playground with non-AG play features (eg. slides, see-saw, etc.) sharing a common filtration system with a swimming pool, please select 'Swimming Pool without AG features' as the Type of Aquatic Facility to be licensed.<br /><br />If you have further enquiries on the Type of Aquatic Facilities to select in your application, you may contact us at <a href="tel:18002255632" target="_blank" rel="noopener">1800-2255-632</a> or email us at <a href="mailto:NEA_AF_Licences@nea.gov.sg" target="_blank" rel="noopener">NEA_AF_Licences@nea.gov.sg</a> to clarify.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>The MCST has been incorporated but the committee has not been formed. Can the MCST apply for the aquatic facility licence?</strong><br />If the committee members of the MCST have not been elected yet, the aquatic facility licence will be issued to the developer until such time the MCST is constituted with members.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>I have a private residential landed house with an aquatic facility. Do I need to apply for the licence?</strong><br />You do not need to apply for a licence as the aquatic facility in your house is not a public aquatic facility.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>I am a foreigner with a valid employment pass issued by MOM. Can I apply for the licence in my name?</strong><br />No. You will have to form a company that is registered with ACRA and apply for the licence in the company's name.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>My application for the licence is approved and the Licensing & Environmental Assessment Department has informed me of the in-principle approval. Can I commence the operation of my premises?</strong><br />You can only commence the operation of the premises after we have verified that you have complied with all the licensing requirements and issued you with the licence.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>What is the consequence if I am unable to comply with some of the licensing requirements?</strong><br />If you are unable to comply with any of our licencing requirements, we will not issue you a licence.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>What is the consequence if I provide false information in my application for a licence?</strong><br />Providing false information in your application is a serious offence. Your licence can be suspended, cancelled or revoked. Enforcement action can also be taken against you.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>I have taken over an existing aquatic facility and wish to apply for a licence to operate the premises. I am unable to contact the previous licensee to cancel his licence for the same premises. How do I apply for the licence in this instance?</strong> <br />You can still submit your application together with all the supporting documents to us. However, for such cases, we will need to write to the previous licensee to confirm whether he is still operating the business at the said premises. If the previous licensee indicates that he is no longer operating the said premises or did not response, then we can proceed to process your application.</li>
</ol>

<strong>Additional Information</strong>

<p><strong>Fees</strong><br />Licence Fees: $200, valid for one year</p>

<H3>Documents Needed</H3>

<ul>
<li><strong>BCA Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP) and/or Approval for Addition and Alteration Work<br /></strong>Temporary Occupation Permit (TOP) and/or approval for addition and alteration work to be carried out<strong><br /></strong></li>
<li><strong>Planning approval from relevant agency for change of use and/or addition and alteration work (if applicable)<br /></strong>Planning approval from relevant agency for change of use and/or addition and alteration work (if applicable)</li>
<li><strong>Sectional plan of each Aquatic Facility<br /></strong>Sectional plan of each aquatic facility (indicate the location of sanitary/sewerage pipes not above pool/surge tank/balancing tank) and/or photographs of aquatic facility<strong><br /></strong></li>
<li><strong>Water Quality Management Plan<br /></strong>Water Quality Management Plan (e.g. water sampling plan which includes water sampling frequency)</li>
<li><strong>BCA Approved Building Plan where the aquatic facility is located<br /></strong>Approved BP Plan from the Building & Construction Authority (BCA) with a clear indication of the aquatic facilities, toilet facilities and location of rinse showers</li>
<li><strong>Aquatic Facility Format for each Aquatic Facility<br /></strong>Aquatic facility format for each aquatic facility endorsed by professional engineer or qualified person</li>
<li><strong>Schematic Diagram of Aquatic Facility<br /></strong>Schematic Diagram of aquatic facility consisting of i. Water circulation (includes overflow perimeter drain or skimmers, flow meters). ii. Filtration (sampling taps at the inlet and outlet pipes of the filter) iii.Disinfection systems iv. The device shall not allow the back flow of water in aquatic facility into the disinfectant container. v. pH control vi. Heating (optional)</li>
<li><strong>Pumps and filters catalogue<br /></strong>Characteristics of the pumps and filters used for the aquatic facility</li>
<li><strong>Bacteriological and chemical water sampling results<br /></strong>Latest water quality report valid within one month before the aquatic facility is opened to public (may be submitted during/after pre-licensing inspection)</li>
<li><strong>Others</strong></li>
</ul>

