---
title: General Waste Disposal Facility Licence
permalink: /browse-all-licences/National-Environment-Agency-(NEA)/General-Waste-Disposal-Facility-Licence
third_nav_title: National Environment Agency (NEA)
---

## Apply for General Waste Disposal Facility Licence

National Environment Agency (NEA)

{% include spcp-text.html type="cp" %}

{% include button.html text="Apply on GoBusiness Licensing" src="https://licence1.business.gov.sg/feportal/web/frontier/eAdvisor?redirection=true&selectedLicenceIds=225" type="primary" %}

<H3>Application Details</H3>

<h3>FAQ</h3>
<ol>
<li><strong>Who needs to apply for this licence?</strong><br />You will need to apply for a General Waste Disposal Facility Licence if you are currently, or intending to, construct, establish, maintain or operate a General Waste Disposal Facility. General Waste Disposal Facilities are defined as facilities that receive, store, process or treat general waste, and include recycling facilities. Please refer to the following FAQs on who is exempted from applying for this licence.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Who is eligible to submit an Exemption Declaration?</strong><br />Facilities which do not receive, store, sort, process or treat any of the following types of general waste AND which have an overall design capacity* below 5 tonnes per day are exempted from the General Waste Disposal Licence:<br />i. Mixed waste similar to the type received at public incineration plants,<br />ii. Food waste,<br />iii. Waste generated from the manufacture of electrical and electronic products,<br />iv. E-waste,<br />v. Spent copper slag,<br />vi. Used cooking oil received from businesses and industries.<br /><br />If your General Waste Disposal Facility fulfils the above criteria, you will still need to submit an Exemption Declaration through the online GoBusiness Licensing application portal.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Who is exempted from this licence without requiring to make a declaration?</strong><br />The following facilities are exempted from the Licence and are not required to submit an Exemption Declaration:<br />i. Bin centres;<br />ii. Residential premises; and<br />iii. Machinery or apparatus used solely for the in-house processing or treatment of waste generated at the premises in which the machinery/apparatus is located, e.g. food waste composter/digester.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Why do I need to apply for this licence?</strong><br />This is a requirement under the Environmental Public Health Act. The purpose of this licence is to safeguard public health and the environment.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>What information do I need to provide?</strong><br />Every applicant shall furnish the following information:<br />i. Details of applicant;<br />ii. Details of the facility to be licensed, including but not limited to, design data, list of equipment and process details, employment information;<br />iii. Source of waste intake and disposal plan for waste generated by the facility;<br />iv. A scheduled maintenance programme of the facility of all major equipment for one year of operation; and<br />v. Contingency plans during emergency or disruption in operation.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>What supporting documents do I need to submit?</strong><br />You are required to furnish the following documents to NEA for processing:<br />i. The completed application form;<br />ii. The process flow diagram and a description of the overall process/operation of the General Waste Disposal Facility;<br />iii. A scheduled maintenance programme of all major equipment for the first year of operation (new facilities) or for at least one year of operation from the date of application (existing facilities); and<br />iv. The Authorisation Letter, if someone other than Director of the company is applying for the Licence;<br />v. Approval from Basel Competent Authority of importing Country/Region, if Basel waste is being exported.<br />vi. Industrial allocation (IA) reply from Development Control and Licensing Division.<br />The IA clearance process is to ensure that the proposed activities at the premises are compatible with the zoned land use. For IA application and more information, please visit <a href="https://e-services.nea.gov.sg/ias/PublicApplicant/Homepage.aspx" target="_blank" rel="noopener">NEA's website</a>. Applicants are reminded to ensure all documents are in place before licence application and to promptly furnish any other supporting document to NEA upon NEA's request during the course of the application process. If your submitted application is still pending clarifications or submission of documents after our review, please respond/submit to NEA your clarifications/documents as soon as possible, to not delay the application process. Your application may be deemed as unsuccessful if any outstanding documents and/or clarifications are not submitted within 3 months from the date of your application.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>How much does this licence cost and how long is it valid for?</strong><br />The General Waste Disposal Facility Licence costs S$300.00 and is valid for two years. Upon approval of the application, electronic payment is required either by credit card or Paypal. Please note that no refund of fees will be allowed once payment has been made. There is no charge for an Exemption Declaration submission. The validity of the Exemption Declaration is 2 years.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>How soon can my application be processed?</strong><br />The total time taken by an applicant from the start of a General Waste Disposal Facility application to the receipt of licence can typically vary from a week to a few months, depending on time taken to submit a complete and accurate set of required documents, to pay the licence fee, and to conduct our pre-licensing checks on site to ensure compliance.<br /><br />For General Waste Disposal Facilities that have yet to be constructed - Some key milestones are as follows:<br />i. An email acknowledgement will be sent to you within 5 working days upon receipt of the application.<br />ii. If the application is incomplete, you will be informed to furnish the information as soon as possible.<br />iii. When the application is approved, the licence will be issued to you upon payment of the licence fee.<br /><br />For existing General Waste Disposal Facilities - Some key milestones are as follows:<br />i. An email acknowledgement will be sent to you within 5 working days upon receipt of the application.<br />ii. If the application is incomplete, you will be informed to furnish the information as soon as possible.<br />iii. The licensing officer will schedule a pre-licensing site inspection to verify compliance.<br />iv. The licence will be issued to you upon payment of the licence fee.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>If I am informed that my application is pending clarifications or submission of documents, how long do I have to respond/submit to NEA my clarifications/documents for my application?</strong><br />Please respond/submit to NEA your clarifications/documents as soon as possible, to not delay the application process. Your application may be deemed as unsuccessful if any outstanding documents and/or clarifications are not submitted within 3 months from the date of your application.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Can I withdraw the licence application after submitting it?</strong><br />Yes, you may withdraw your licence application at any time before payment has been made.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Can I make amendments to my licence details when I renew my licence?</strong><br />Yes, you may amend your licence details during renewal of your licence. However, if your licence is not due for renewal anytime soon, please submit an amendment application to amend your licence. Amendments can be made through the GoBusiness Licensing portal and the cost for amendment of licence is S$70.00.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Can I cancel the licence midway during the licence validity period if operational changes render my General Waste Disposal Facility out of the licence's scope?</strong><br />Yes, you may send in a cancellation request, together with documents supporting your claims. There is no fee for cancellation of licence.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Do I need to have multiple licences if my company owns multiple disposal facilities?</strong><br />Each facility must have a licence even if the facilities are under one company.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>My company handles multiple waste stream, how many licences should I apply?</strong><br />A licence can specify multiple waste streams. Please indicate all the waste streams and associated information during the application stage.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Who can I contact for further details?</strong><br />For further enquiries, please contact the National Environment Agency through <a href="http://www.nea.gov.sg/corporate-functions/feedback" target="_blank" rel="noopener">NEA's online feedback form</a>. You can also write to us at:<br />Waste Regulation Department<br />Waste Management Division<br /><br />National Environment Agency<br />40 Scotts Road #20-00 ENV Building<br />Singapore 228231</li>
</ol>

<strong>Additional Information</strong>

<p><strong>Fees</strong><br />Licence Fees (New/ Renew): $300, valid for two years.<br />Licence Fees (Amend): $70.</p>

<H3>Documents Needed</H3>

<ul>
<li><strong>Process Flow Diagram with description</strong><br />Process flow diagram and a description of the overall process/operation of the general waste disposal facility<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>A copy of the most recent Industrial Allocation (IA) approval by the Central Building Plan Department (CBPD)</strong><br />The most recent Industrial Allocation (IA) approval by the Central Building Plan Department (CBPD)<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>A copy of the scheduled maintenance programme of all major equipment for the first year of operation (for new disposal facilities) or for at least one year of operation from the date of application (for existing disposal facilities)</strong><br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Authorisation of Applicant (Authorised Personnel) form if filer other than the Director is applying for the Licence</strong><br />Original copy of the Authorisation of Applicant (Authorised Personnel) form<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Others</strong></li>
</ul>

<H3>Requirements</H3>

<p><strong>Prerequisite Licence(s)</strong><br />ACRA - <a href="https://www.acra.gov.sg/Home/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Registration for Companies / Business</a></p>

