---
title: N1 - Licence to manufacture, possess or deal in non-ionising irradiating apparatus
permalink: /browse-all-licences/National-Environment-Agency-(NEA)/N1---Licence-to-manufacture--possess-or-deal-in-non-ionising-irradiating-apparatus
third_nav_title: National Environment Agency (NEA)
---

## Apply for N1 - Licence to manufacture, possess or deal in non-ionising irradiating apparatus

National Environment Agency (NEA)

{% include spcp-text.html type="cp" %}

{% include button.html text="Apply on GoBusiness Dashboard" src="https://licence1.business.gov.sg/feportal/web/frontier/eAdvisor?redirection=true&selectedLicenceIds=187" type="primary" %}

<H3>Application Details</H3>

<p>This licence is required for applicants intending to manufacture, possess for sale, sell, supply, distribute or deal with a non-ionising radiation irradiating apparatus.</p>
<h3>FAQ</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<p><strong>Do I need to apply for this licence?</strong><br />This licence is required if you intend to manufacture or deal with non-ionising irradiating apparatus. These include, but are not limited to: <br />- Ultraviolet sunlamps <br />- Microwave ovens <br />- Medical diagnostic imaging ultrasound equipment <br />- Fetal heart monitoring ultrasound <br />- Therapeutic ultrasound equipment <br />- High Intensity Focus Ultrasound Equipment <br />- Aesthetic ultrasound (cavitation) equipment <br />- Laboratory use ultrasound equipment <br />- Industrial use ultrasound equipment <br />- Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) equipment <br />- Class 3b and Class 4 Industrial Lasers <br />- Class 3b and Class 4 Medical & Cosmetic Lasers <br />- Class 3b and Class 4 Entertainment lasers <br />- Embedded laser systems containing class 3b or 4 laser <br />- Laser pointers above regulatory clearance <br /><br />Your organisation should apply for a new licence at least 2 weeks before and no earlier than 6 weeks before receiving, installing and commissioning the equipment. The serial number should also be known to you either through the purchase contract or the invoice.</p>
</li>
<li><strong>What conditions do I need to fulfil?<br /></strong>i. The company must have a valid Unique Entity Number.<br />ii. The company must comply with the Radiation Protection Act and its subsidiary Regulations, in particular the Radiation Protection (Non-Ionising Radiation) Regulations.<br />iii. To use a laser irradiating apparatus, there must be a user with an N3 licence or applying for an N3 licence to use the apparatus under this application.<br /><strong><br /></strong></li>
<li><strong>What supporting documents do I need to submit?</strong><br />i. ACRA printout<br />ii. Technical specifications / Brochures / Catalogues<br />iii. If a medical device is imported directly from overseas, HSA registration / authorisation and one of the certificates (US-FDA / Australia-TGA / Japan-MHLW / Health Canada / CE-(93/42/EEC) must be obtained.<br />iv. Documentation showing that the product(s) has been registered with or authorized by HSA.</li>
<li>
<p><strong>How soon can my application be processed?</strong><br />Complete applications with the necessary supporting documents will typically be processed within 10 working days upon reception of the submission. Licence applications that require pre-licence inspections and/or licence applicants who are instructed to sit for a qualifying test may require a longer period of time (4 - 8 weeks or more).</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>How much does this licence cost and how long is it valid?</strong><br />The licence costs $210 per year and is valid for 3, 6, 9, 12 or 24 months.</p>
</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Who can I contact for further details?</strong><br />For licensing enquiries, please contact the National Environment Agency Call Centre at <a href="tel:18002255632" target="_blank" rel="noopener">1800-2255632</a> or 1800-CALL NEA or <a href="tel:6562255632" target="_blank" rel="noopener">(65) 6225 5632</a> (from overseas). You can also email us at <a href="mailto:contact_NEA@nea.gov.sg" target="_blank" rel="noopener">contact_NEA@nea.gov.sg</a>.</p>
</li>
<li><strong>How do I change the profile information (e.g. contact details) associated with my radiation licences?</strong><br />For company: Licence cannot be transferred to a different UEN. To change UEN, existing licences will need to be cancelled and reapplied under the new UEN. To amend your company details (e.g. contact person name, contact number, email address) registered with RPNSD, please email <a href="mailto:NEA_RPNSD_Licence@nea.gov.sg" target="_blank" rel="noopener">NEA_RPNSD_Licence@nea.gov.sg</a> with the current information to be amended and the updated information.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>How do I pay for the licence fees?<br /></strong>Payment may be made online via Credit Card when submitting the licence application. GIRO payment is also possible for customers with existing GIRO arrangement with RPNSD. To set up a GIRO account, please complete and submit the GIRO application form found on the NEA website: https://www.eportal.nea.gov.sg > Categories > Radiation Safety > eServices and Forms > GIRO Application Form for Radiation Licences. Cheque payment will no longer be accepted. Licence fees paid or submitted are not refundable.</li>
<li><strong>What other approval is needed in order to supply or possess a medical device?<br /></strong>Medical devices are controlled under the Health Products Act administered by the Health Sciences Authority (HSA). Radiation emitting medical equipment are required to be registered and/or authorised by HSA before the equipment can be supplied in Singapore. Your company should check with the Medical Device Branch, HSA (<a href="http://www.hsa.gov.sg" target="_blank" rel="noopener">www.hsa.gov.sg</a>) concurrently to find out the relevant requirements when you are preparing for the radiation licence application. It is advisable to submit both the HSA's authorization and NEA's licence application concurrently. Upon receiving the complete submission, both agencies will conduct a joint assessment of the medical device to determine if the device can be brought into Singapore for sale/use. Certain types of radiation emitting equipment may only be possessed by medical and/or healthcare establishments, and may only be used by registered medical and healthcare professionals at places registered with the Ministry of Health.<br /><strong><br /></strong></li>
<li><strong>Where can I find more radiation regulatory and licensing information?</strong><br />You may refer to the radiation safety webpage on the <a href="https://www.nea.gov.sg/our-services/radiation-safety" target="_blank" rel="noopener">NEA's website</a>.</li>
<li>
<p><strong>Where is RPNSD located?</strong><br />RPNSD (Radiation Protection and Nuclear Science Department) is a department within the National Environment Agency (NEA). Our office is located at the 3rd Storey of the Annex Block of Environment Building at 40 Scotts Road. The nearest MRT station is Newton. Our mailing address is: <br /><br />Radiation Protection and Nuclear Science Department<br />National Environment Agency<br />Environment Building<br />3rd Storey, Annex Block<br />40 Scotts Road, Singapore 228231</p>
</li>
<li><strong>How do I identify an RPNSD inspection officer?</strong><br />All RPNSD officers doing on-site inspection will carry the NEA staff pass and an authority card which allows them to exercise the power and the duties as stated in the Radiation Protection Act and the associated Regulations.<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>I need more details about import and export licence. Where may I find it?</strong><br />In most cases, import and export licences, i.e. L7A/B, L8A/B and N4A/B, are to be applied through the TradeNet system by freight companies which handle the transportation of cargoes from one Country/Region to another. Before the applications for import and export licences are submitted through TradeNet, vendors / suppliers should ensure that their dealer licences, i.e. L1, L2 or N1 are valid and have been updated to include the irradiating apparatus or radioactive material, and that they have obtained the relevant possession licence if the apparatus is for use at their premises.<br /><br />For direct import / export (not through a vendor / supplier), import and export licences can be applied through GoBusiness Licensing. For more information on the items under import and export control, please refer to the following links:<br /><a href="https://www.customs.gov.sg/about-us/national-single-window/tradenet/competent-authorities-requirements-for-controlled-items/national-environment-agency---radiation-protection-and-nuclear-science-department-rpnsd">https://www.customs.gov.sg/about-us/national-single-window/tradenet/competent-authorities-requirements-for-controlled-items/national-environment-agency---radiation-protection-and-nuclear-science-department-rpnsd</a><br /><a href="https://www.customs.gov.sg/-/media/cus/files/about-us/annexes-and-appendices/appendix-c---items-under-import-export-control.pdf">https://www.customs.gov.sg/-/media/cus/files/about-us/annexes-and-appendices/appendix-c---items-under-import-export-control.pdf</a><br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>What other things do I need to know about radiation licences?</strong><br />i. There are special requirements and conditions for the use of laser for medical, aesthetics and cosmetic purposes. In particular, class 4 lasers for application on human beings can only be used by registered medical practitioners.<br />ii. Application for the N2 licence for an MRI facility will need to be accompanied by the 5-G line diagram and information on the quenching outlet.<br />iii. For laser equipment used in cutting or marking of materials, take note that some of these materials (e.g. PMMA) may undergo thermal breakdown, releasing hazardous chemical controlled under the legislations administered by various Government agencies. Please ensure that the requirements stipulated under these legislations are complied with.<br />iv. Ultrasound equipment for application on human beings is subject to licensing controlled under the Radiation Protection Act and its Regulations, because of possible misused and potential adverse health effect.<br />v. All ultrasound equipment above 3 W/cm2 must be separately approved by RPNSD before it can be used on any human beings. In particular, High Intensity Focus Ultrasound Equipment cannot be used at any beauty salon.<br />vi. Laser marking machine and laser engraving machine shall not be used at home<br />vii. If Laser/Ultrasound equipment are showcased, displayed or exhibited in an exhibition/conference outside the premises of an authorised N1 holder, then the exhibition/conference organiser shall apply for N1 licence. In particular, note that laser shall not be energised unless additional authorisation have been obtained from the Radiation Protection and Nuclear Science Department.</li>
</ol>

<strong>Additional Information</strong>

<p><strong>Fees</strong><br />Licence Fees: $210 per year</p>

<H3>Documents Needed</H3>

<ul>
<li><strong>Apparatus information</strong><br />Equipment Brochure / Catalogue / Technical specifications of the equipment to be licensed<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>ACRA certificate or Printout</strong><br />For new applicants, please provide a copy of ACRA certificate or printout<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>Certificate: US-FDA / Australia-TGA / Japan-MHLW / Health Canada / CE-(93/42/EEC)</strong><br />Equipment certificate of equipment to be licensed issued by one of the listed organization listed below: US-FDA / Australia-TGA / Japan-MHLW / Health Canada / CE-(93/42/EEC)<br /><br /></li>
<li><strong>HSA registration / authorisation</strong><br />Documentation showing that the apparatus has been registered with or authorized by HSA<br /><strong><br /></strong></li>
<li><strong>Others</strong><br />Other relevant supporting documents</li>
</ul>

<H3>Requirements</H3>

<p><strong>Prerequisite Licence(s)</strong><br />ACRA - <a href="https://www.acra.gov.sg/Home/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Registration for Companies / Business</a></p>
<p><strong>Related licence(s)</strong><br />NEA <a href="https://licence1.business.gov.sg/feportal/web/frontier/eAdvisor?redirection=true&selectedLicenceIds=188" target="_blank" rel="noopener">N2 - Licence to keep or possess for use non-ionising irradiating apparatus</a><br />NEA <a href="https://licence1.business.gov.sg/feportal/web/frontier/eAdvisor?redirection=true&selectedLicenceIds=189" target="_blank" rel="noopener">N3 - Licence to use lasers</a><br />NEA <a href="https://licence1.business.gov.sg/feportal/web/frontier/eAdvisor?redirection=true&selectedLicenceIds=190" target="_blank" rel="noopener">N4A/B - Licence to import or export a consignment of non-ionising irradiating apparatus</a></p>

