_run-and-grow/business-grants-portal/apply-for-a-bgp-grant.md, before:

---
title: Apply for a BGP grant
permalink: /business-grants-portal/apply-for-a-bgp-grant/
third_nav_title: Business Grants Portal
---

## How to apply

![BGP](/images/grow/RunandGrow_BGP.jpg)

The Business Grants Portal (BGP) is a one-stop portal for businesses to apply for grants according to their needs without having to approach multiple agencies. BGP aims to bring government grants for businesses into one place, so it is easier for businesses to apply for grants according to their needs and sector. It would also allow businesses to better manage and track their grant applications.

### How to apply for a grant on BGP?

#### 1. Discover the most suitable grant for your business need

Currently on BGP, you can apply for:

- [Productivity Solutions Grant](/productivity-solutions-grant/?src=rungrow-bgp)
- [Energy Efficiency Grant](/energy-efficiency-grant/?src=rungrow-bgp)
- [Market Readiness Assistance](https://www.enterprisesg.gov.sg/financial-assistance/grants/for-local-companies/market-readiness-assistance-grant){:target="_blank"}
- [Enterprise Development Grant](https://www.enterprisesg.gov.sg/financial-assistance/grants/for-local-companies/enterprise-development-grant/overview){:target="_blank"}
- [Business Improvement Fund](https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en/assistance-and-licensing/grants-overview/business-improvement-fund-bif.html){:target="_blank"}
- [Aviation Development Fund](https://www.caas.gov.sg/who-we-are/areas-of-responsibility/developing-the-industry/aviation-development-fund){:target="_blank"}
- [Productivity Solutions Grant](/productivity-solutions-grant/){:target="_blank"}
- [Agri-Food Cluster Transformation Fund](https://www.sfa.gov.sg/food-farming/funding-schemes/act-fund){:target="_blank"}
- [Electric Vehicle Common Charger Grant](https://www.lta.gov.sg/content/ltagov/en/industry_innovations/technologies/electric_vehicles/ev_common_charger_grant.html){:target="_blank"}
- [Experience Step-Up Fund](https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en/assistance-and-licensing/grants-overview/experience-step-up-fund-esf.html){:target="_blank"}

You may use the e-Adviser for Government Assistance to view suitable grants for your business needs.

<p>
{% include button.html text="Go to e-Adviser for Government Assistance" src="https://eadviser.gobusiness.gov.sg/govassist/?src=run&grow_bgp" type="primary" %}
</p>

Alternatively, businesses simply need to select their sector and business needs on BGP, and the portal will present the most relevant grant form for businesses to apply for.

#### 2. Register your Corppass account

Approach your Corppass Admin to assign an appropriate BGP role to you and create your Corppass account. Then, log in to BGP via your Singpass.

<p>
{% include button.html text="Log In to BGP" src="https://www.businessgrants.gov.sg/?src=run&grow_bgp" type="primary" %}
</p>

#### 3. Fill in company profile

Fill in your company profile. Please take note that your ACRA profile will be populated automatically.

#### 4. Fill in your application

Once submitted, your application will be sent to the relevant agency for processing. The agency's contact details will be shown on the “Grant Actions” page.

#### 5. Monitoring your application

Monitor your application on the “My Grants” page. An email will be sent to you if the agency requires clarification.

#### 6. Accept your Letter of Offer

You will be notified of your application results via email. Log into BGP to accept your Letter of Offer. Please take note that only your company's Acceptor in Corppass can accept the Letter of Offer.

#### 7. Submit your claim

Once you have accepted your Letter of Offer, you will be notified on your claim due date for your grant via email. Log into BGP to file your claim before the claim due date and your approved claim will be credited to your company's bank account. 

---

### Related links

{% include panels.html panels=site.data.related_content_bgp %}

<script src="/jquery/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="/jquery/bp-menu-new-tab.js"></script>

Commit message:

Changes to apply for a grant

_run-and-grow/business-grants-portal/apply-for-a-bgp-grant.md, after:

---
title: Apply for a BGP grant
permalink: /business-grants-portal/apply-for-a-bgp-grant/
third_nav_title: Business Grants Portal
---

## How to apply

Grant applications are submitted on the Business Grants Portal.

For the list of grants available on Business Grants Portal (BGP), visit the Business Grants Portal Overview.

### How to apply for a grant on BGP?

#### 1. Discover the most suitable grant for your business need

Currently on BGP, you can apply for:

- [Productivity Solutions Grant](/productivity-solutions-grant/?src=rungrow-bgp)
- [Energy Efficiency Grant](/energy-efficiency-grant/?src=rungrow-bgp)
- [Market Readiness Assistance](https://www.enterprisesg.gov.sg/financial-assistance/grants/for-local-companies/market-readiness-assistance-grant){:target="_blank"}
- [Enterprise Development Grant](https://www.enterprisesg.gov.sg/financial-assistance/grants/for-local-companies/enterprise-development-grant/overview){:target="_blank"}
- [Business Improvement Fund](https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en/assistance-and-licensing/grants-overview/business-improvement-fund-bif.html){:target="_blank"}
- [Aviation Development Fund](https://www.caas.gov.sg/who-we-are/areas-of-responsibility/developing-the-industry/aviation-development-fund){:target="_blank"}
- [Productivity Solutions Grant](/productivity-solutions-grant/){:target="_blank"}
- [Agri-Food Cluster Transformation Fund](https://www.sfa.gov.sg/food-farming/funding-schemes/act-fund){:target="_blank"}
- [Electric Vehicle Common Charger Grant](https://www.lta.gov.sg/content/ltagov/en/industry_innovations/technologies/electric_vehicles/ev_common_charger_grant.html){:target="_blank"}
- [Experience Step-Up Fund](https://www.stb.gov.sg/content/stb/en/assistance-and-licensing/grants-overview/experience-step-up-fund-esf.html){:target="_blank"}

You may use the e-Adviser for Government Assistance to view suitable grants for your business needs.

<p>
{% include button.html text="Go to e-Adviser for Government Assistance" src="https://eadviser.gobusiness.gov.sg/govassist/?src=run&grow_bgp" type="primary" %}
</p>

Alternatively, businesses simply need to select their sector and business needs on BGP, and the portal will present the most relevant grant form for businesses to apply for.

#### 2. Register your Corppass account

Approach your Corppass Admin to assign an appropriate BGP role to you and create your Corppass account. Then, log in to BGP via your Singpass.

<p>
{% include button.html text="Log In to BGP" src="https://www.businessgrants.gov.sg/?src=run&grow_bgp" type="primary" %}
</p>

#### 3. Fill in company profile

Fill in your company profile. Please take note that your ACRA profile will be populated automatically.

#### 4. Fill in your application

Once submitted, your application will be sent to the relevant agency for processing. The agency's contact details will be shown on the “Grant Actions” page.

#### 5. Monitoring your application

Monitor your application on the “My Grants” page. An email will be sent to you if the agency requires clarification.

#### 6. Accept your Letter of Offer

You will be notified of your application results via email. Log into BGP to accept your Letter of Offer. Please take note that only your company's Acceptor in Corppass can accept the Letter of Offer.

#### 7. Submit your claim

Once you have accepted your Letter of Offer, you will be notified on your claim due date for your grant via email. Log into BGP to file your claim before the claim due date and your approved claim will be credited to your company's bank account. 

---

### Related links

{% include panels.html panels=site.data.related_content_bgp %}

<script src="/jquery/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="/jquery/bp-menu-new-tab.js"></script>
