_browse-ipservices/IP-Search-and-Registration/freedom-to-operate--fto--service.md, before:

**18 service providers listed.**

Select a service provider below to view their profile and connect with them.

{% include panel-stretched-featurelink.html image="<img src='/images/ipgrow/ipservices/ipgrow_findspecificlicence_icon.png' aria-hidden='true'>" title="Get recommendations for Freedom-to-Operate (FTO) Service service providers" description="Find suitable service providers based on your business size, budget, and other considerations." url="https://eadviser.gobusiness.gov.sg/ipserviceprovider" text="Go to e-Adviser for IP Providers"%}

#### Questel

Questel is a true end-to-end intellectual property solutions provider.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 76 to 80</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 500</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/640e6f1f571b1800123bae5f' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/questel/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Donaldson & Burkinshaw LLP

DONALDSON & BURKINSHAW LLP provides IP services and practises the full spectrum of IP law.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 26 to 30</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 600</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> First consultation is free upon formal engagement of our firm.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/6450a7ce45da250012ca6ec3' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/donaldson-burkinshaw-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Viering, Jentschura & Partner LLP

VJP offers excellent support to innovations as its team covers a wide range of technology.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 16 to 20</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 5000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> Free 30 mins consultation.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4dbebce917001147346b' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/viering--jentschura-partner-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP

Dentons Rodyk offers clients a full suite of legal services to do business locally and globally.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 16 to 20</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> NA</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4f02f643c40012dae38b' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/dentons-rodyk-davidson-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Dennemeyer

Founded in 1962, we offer full-service IP solutions globally with local support from Singapore.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 16 to 20</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 4300</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> (1) DIAMS Free Demo & Trial (2) Octimine Free Trial & Search Analytics Tutorial (3) 30-minute free IP consulting for corporates about an IP topic of their choice.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/645a0df502527d0013e68201' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/dennemeyer/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Spruson & Ferguson (Asia) Pte Ltd

Spruson & Ferguson has been in Asia for more than 25 years and we can service over 25 jurisdictions.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 11 to 15</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> Please contact Spruson & Ferguson to receive a tailored quotation</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f8a5cf643c40012e42c64' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/spruson-ferguson--asia--pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### W.P. Lai & Company

The Firm has served and helped many SMEs in Singapore as well as entrepreneurs for the past 40 years.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 6 to 10</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> Less than $200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 5000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b74c9f5467b001273aa78' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/wp-lai-company/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Valuing IP Pte Ltd

Redefining Assets , At Valuing IP, we make your Intangibles, Tangible!

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 6 to 10</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200  to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 2200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> Early Bird Promotion for our IP Valuation Software Subscription starting from USD 1,500 only! Limited to first 10 subscribers for each package. Savings up to 30% off!</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4792662b62001209296b' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/valuing-ip-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Alpha & Omega Law Corporation

We are law firm with focus on IP law. We serve individuals and businesses of all sizes.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 6 to 10</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $801 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 800</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4c8bd1a2d80012eef672' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/alpha-omega-law-corporation/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Cantab IP

Clear, practical and business oriented advice to help protect, enforce and defend your IP worldwide.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $801 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> NA</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> 30 minute initial consultation without charge.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/641b92e91ee4e100125ac17e' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/cantab-ip/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Soroker Agmon Nordman 

The firm is specializing in intellectual property, commercial law and dispute resolution.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 3000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> We offer 1.5 hour free consultation to newly established technological star-ups.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/64211b0687c432001261c163' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/soroker-agmon-nordman/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Intelleigen Legal 

Intelleigen Legal LLC is a registered law firm based in Singapore.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $801 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 5000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b7d3369125a00118a58aa' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/intelleigen-legal/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Shook Lin & Bok LLP

Shook Lin & Bok LLP is a leading full service law Firm with an Asian presence and global reach.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> Depends on scope of work</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b82aad11e700013de2c97' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/shook-lin-bok-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Bird & Bird ATMD LLP

Bird & Bird ATMD is a leading full-service Singapore law firm in association with Bird & Bird.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 5000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4b88cdf7590012384891' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/bird-bird-atmd-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Ghows LLC

Ghows LLC is a Singapore law practice recognised within the industry for its expertise in IP.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 1000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/6433d8fb3e8d6600113150b3' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/ghows-llc/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Allen & Gledhill LLP

Allen & Gledhill is a regional law firm providing legal services to premier clients since 1902.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> Less than $200 to Above $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> Case by case</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b86d1d88e0800129def29' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/allen-gledhill-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### CMS Holborn Asia

CMS is a global top-10 law firm with an active IP offering in the Asia-Pacific region.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to Above $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> We charge based on the work required rather than strictly based on a minimum project fee.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/644886784ff9210011168207' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/cms-holborn-asia/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Auriga IP

A firm committed to delivering proactive, quality and commercially led advice for businesses.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $400</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 2500</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/64583ea79d94740011a92042' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/auriga-ip/){:target='_blank'}

---

Commit message:

Update Service Name according to what IPOS wants

_browse-ipservices/IP-Search-and-Registration/freedom-to-operate--fto--service.md, after:

---
title: 'Freedom-To-Operate (FTO) Service'
permalink: /intellectual-property/ip-grow/ip-search-and-registration/freedom-to-operate--fto--service/
third_nav_title: IP Search and Registration
---

## Freedom-to-operate (FTO) services

If you are looking to commercialise a new product or service, it is essential to take proactive steps to ensure you are not infringing on someone else’s patent rights. 

### What is a freedom-to-operate (FTO) analysis?

Patents are a form of intellectual property (IP) that give patent owners exclusive rights to their inventions. Conducting a FTO analysis can help you determine whether your new product or service might infringe on third-party patent rights in your targeted markets. 

This process typically involves a comprehensive search of relevant patents based on key features of your product or service and an assessment of the risk of any infringement. Since IP rights can only be enforced in jurisdictions where they are registered, you should ideally conduct the FTO search in countries where you intend to commercialise the product or service.

### Benefits of freedom-to-operate services

Getting FTO clearance can help you avoid costly legal disputes and potential infringement lawsuits. It ensures that you are free to launch a product or service in a specific market without violating the patent rights of others. 

To further protect your business interests, you may also consider seeking the advice of [trade mark](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/ip-search-and-registration/trade-mark-agent/?src=ipgrow-freedom-to-operate) and [registered design agents](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/ip-search-and-registration/registered-design-agent/?src=ipgrow-freedom-to-operate) on whether your new product or service infringes third-party trade mark and registered design rights in your targeted markets.

{% include panel-stretched-featurelink.html image="<img src='/images/ipgrow/ipservices/ipgrow_licenceguide_icon.png' aria-hidden='true'>" title="Unsure if your business needs freedom-to-operate services?" description="Use our e-Adviser for IP Service to get recommendations on your IA/IP needs." url="https://eadviser.gobusiness.gov.sg/ipservice/?src=ipgrow_patentagent" text="Go to e-Adviser for IP Service"%}

---

### Connect with relevant service providers for freedom-to-operate services

**18 service providers listed.**

Select a service provider below to view their profile and connect with them.

{% include panel-stretched-featurelink.html image="<img src='/images/ipgrow/ipservices/ipgrow_findspecificlicence_icon.png' aria-hidden='true'>" title="Get recommendations for Freedom-to-Operate (FTO) Service service providers" description="Find suitable service providers based on your business size, budget, and other considerations." url="https://eadviser.gobusiness.gov.sg/ipserviceprovider" text="Go to e-Adviser for IP Providers"%}

#### Questel

Questel is a true end-to-end intellectual property solutions provider.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 76 to 80</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 500</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/640e6f1f571b1800123bae5f' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/questel/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Donaldson & Burkinshaw LLP

DONALDSON & BURKINSHAW LLP provides IP services and practises the full spectrum of IP law.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 26 to 30</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 600</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> First consultation is free upon formal engagement of our firm.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/6450a7ce45da250012ca6ec3' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/donaldson-burkinshaw-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Viering, Jentschura & Partner LLP

VJP offers excellent support to innovations as its team covers a wide range of technology.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 16 to 20</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 5000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> Free 30 mins consultation.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4dbebce917001147346b' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/viering--jentschura-partner-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Dentons Rodyk & Davidson LLP

Dentons Rodyk offers clients a full suite of legal services to do business locally and globally.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 16 to 20</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> NA</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4f02f643c40012dae38b' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/dentons-rodyk-davidson-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Dennemeyer

Founded in 1962, we offer full-service IP solutions globally with local support from Singapore.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 16 to 20</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 4300</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> (1) DIAMS Free Demo & Trial (2) Octimine Free Trial & Search Analytics Tutorial (3) 30-minute free IP consulting for corporates about an IP topic of their choice.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/645a0df502527d0013e68201' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/dennemeyer/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Spruson & Ferguson (Asia) Pte Ltd

Spruson & Ferguson has been in Asia for more than 25 years and we can service over 25 jurisdictions.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 11 to 15</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> Please contact Spruson & Ferguson to receive a tailored quotation</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f8a5cf643c40012e42c64' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/spruson-ferguson--asia--pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### W.P. Lai & Company

The Firm has served and helped many SMEs in Singapore as well as entrepreneurs for the past 40 years.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 6 to 10</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> Less than $200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 5000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b74c9f5467b001273aa78' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/wp-lai-company/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Valuing IP Pte Ltd

Redefining Assets , At Valuing IP, we make your Intangibles, Tangible!

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 6 to 10</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200  to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 2200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> Early Bird Promotion for our IP Valuation Software Subscription starting from USD 1,500 only! Limited to first 10 subscribers for each package. Savings up to 30% off!</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4792662b62001209296b' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/valuing-ip-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Alpha & Omega Law Corporation

We are law firm with focus on IP law. We serve individuals and businesses of all sizes.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 6 to 10</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $801 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 800</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4c8bd1a2d80012eef672' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/alpha-omega-law-corporation/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Cantab IP

Clear, practical and business oriented advice to help protect, enforce and defend your IP worldwide.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $801 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> NA</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> 30 minute initial consultation without charge.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/641b92e91ee4e100125ac17e' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/cantab-ip/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Soroker Agmon Nordman 

The firm is specializing in intellectual property, commercial law and dispute resolution.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 3000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> We offer 1.5 hour free consultation to newly established technological star-ups.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/64211b0687c432001261c163' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/soroker-agmon-nordman/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Intelleigen Legal 

Intelleigen Legal LLC is a registered law firm based in Singapore.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $801 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 5000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b7d3369125a00118a58aa' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/intelleigen-legal/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Shook Lin & Bok LLP

Shook Lin & Bok LLP is a leading full service law Firm with an Asian presence and global reach.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> Depends on scope of work</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b82aad11e700013de2c97' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/shook-lin-bok-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Bird & Bird ATMD LLP

Bird & Bird ATMD is a leading full-service Singapore law firm in association with Bird & Bird.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 5000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4b88cdf7590012384891' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/bird-bird-atmd-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Ghows LLC

Ghows LLC is a Singapore law practice recognised within the industry for its expertise in IP.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 1000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/6433d8fb3e8d6600113150b3' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/ghows-llc/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Allen & Gledhill LLP

Allen & Gledhill is a regional law firm providing legal services to premier clients since 1902.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> Less than $200 to Above $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> Case by case</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b86d1d88e0800129def29' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/allen-gledhill-llp/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### CMS Holborn Asia

CMS is a global top-10 law firm with an active IP offering in the Asia-Pacific region.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to Above $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> We charge based on the work required rather than strictly based on a minimum project fee.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/644886784ff9210011168207' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/cms-holborn-asia/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Auriga IP

A firm committed to delivering proactive, quality and commercially led advice for businesses.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $400</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 2500</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/64583ea79d94740011a92042' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/auriga-ip/){:target='_blank'}

---
