_browse-ipservices/Commercialisation-and-Financing/valuation-service--with-ia-ip-consideration-.md, before:

**8 service providers listed.**

Select a service provider below to view their profile and connect with them.

{% include panel-stretched-featurelink.html image="<img src='/images/ipgrow/ipservices/ipgrow_findspecificlicence_icon.png' aria-hidden='true'>" title="Get recommendations for Valuation Service (with IA/IP consideration) service providers" description="Find suitable service providers based on your business size, budget, and other considerations." url="https://eadviser.gobusiness.gov.sg/ipserviceprovider" text="Go to e-Adviser for IP Providers"%}

#### EverEdge Global

EverEdge provides specialist intangible asset advisory, valuation and corporate finance services.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> -</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 56 to 60</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 10000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> EverEdge is a global intangible asset advisory, valuation, and corporate finance specialist. To discuss how to identify, value and monetise your intangible assets, book a free one-hour consultation. </li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/63fc1cb344ce7f0012152941' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/everedge-global/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### RSM Singapore

Business Advisors to Growing Businesses.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 46 to 50</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 15000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643c8ea40423fa0011283fac' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/rsm-singapore/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Valuing IP Pte Ltd

Redefining Assets , At Valuing IP, we make your Intangibles, Tangible!

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 21 to 25</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $400</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 3000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> Early Bird Promotion for our IP Valuation Software Subscription starting from USD 1,500 only! Limited to first 10 subscribers for each package. Savings up to 30% off!</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4792662b62001209296b' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/valuing-ip-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### PricewaterhouseCoopers Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Community of solvers combining innovative technologies to build trust and deliver sustained outcomes

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 21 to 25</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 30000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f515ccac01400112be325' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/pricewaterhousecoopers-singapore-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Cushman & Wakefield VHS Pte Ltd

Professional service provider with comprehensive IA/IP valuation experience by qualified valuers

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 11 to 15</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 10000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> -</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642242cfb69f640012f5b8c5' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/cushman-wakefield-vhs-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Max Lewis Consultants Pte Ltd

Fair valuation of businesses, financial instruments, ESOS options, and intellectual property rights.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 6 to 10</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 10000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/640e7c7002fada001204d744' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/max-lewis-consultants-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### VALLARIS

VALLARIS helps entrepreneurs and CEOs with their mergers and acquisitions deals and disputes.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> Above $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 10000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> N.A.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b8054d88e0800129c6474' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/vallaris/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Dennemeyer

Founded in 1962, we offer full-service IP solutions globally with local support from Singapore.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $400</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 20000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> (1) DIAMS Free Demo & Trial (2) Octimine Free Trial & Search Analytics Tutorial (3) 30-minute free IP consulting for corporates about an IP topic of their choice.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/645a0df502527d0013e68201' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/dennemeyer/){:target='_blank'}

---

Commit message:

Update Service Name according to what IPOS wants

_browse-ipservices/Commercialisation-and-Financing/valuation-service--with-ia-ip-consideration-.md, after:

---
title: 'Valuation Service (with IA/IP considerations)'
permalink: /intellectual-property/ip-grow/Commercialisation-and-Financing/Valuation-Service--with-IA-IP-considerations-/
third_nav_title: Commercialisation and Financing
---

## Valuation services (with IA/IP considerations) 

If you are preparing for a fund raise, a joint venture, a merger and acquisition deal, or a transaction involving your intellectual property (IP) assets like a technology licence, it may be prudent to seek an independent valuation to determine your market value or the value of your contribution to a transaction.

### What are valuation services (with IA/IP considerations)?

Valuation services that consider traditional factors such as a company’s financials, market comparables, and future earnings prospects are widely available. However, these traditional valuation methods may not fully account for the value and risks associated with a company’s intangible assets (IA) and IP. Hence, it is essential to consider valuation services that specifically factor in IA/IP considerations if you are an IP-rich company. These services supplement traditional valuation methods by assessing how a company’s IP assets can mitigate business risks or enhance the predictability or stability of its future cash flows.

### Benefits of valuation services (with IA/IP considerations)

One major benefit of valuation services that incorporate IA/IP considerations is that they provide a more holistic assessment of a company or a transaction’s value. Because of this, companies with strong IA/IP may potentially obtain a higher valuation, ultimately benefitting their business.

{% include panel-stretched-featurelink.html image="<img src='/images/ipgrow/ipservices/ipgrow_licenceguide_icon.png' aria-hidden='true'>" title="Unsure if your business needs valuation services (with IA/IP considerations)?" description="Use our e-Adviser for IP Service to get recommendations on your IA/IP needs." url="https://eadviser.gobusiness.gov.sg/ipservice/?src=ipgrow_patentagent" text="Go to e-Adviser for IP Service"%}

---

### Connect with relevant service providers for valuation services (with IA/IP considerations)

**8 service providers listed.**

Select a service provider below to view their profile and connect with them.

{% include panel-stretched-featurelink.html image="<img src='/images/ipgrow/ipservices/ipgrow_findspecificlicence_icon.png' aria-hidden='true'>" title="Get recommendations for Valuation Service (with IA/IP consideration) service providers" description="Find suitable service providers based on your business size, budget, and other considerations." url="https://eadviser.gobusiness.gov.sg/ipserviceprovider" text="Go to e-Adviser for IP Providers"%}

#### EverEdge Global

EverEdge provides specialist intangible asset advisory, valuation and corporate finance services.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> -</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 56 to 60</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 10000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> EverEdge is a global intangible asset advisory, valuation, and corporate finance specialist. To discuss how to identify, value and monetise your intangible assets, book a free one-hour consultation. </li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/63fc1cb344ce7f0012152941' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/everedge-global/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### RSM Singapore

Business Advisors to Growing Businesses.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 46 to 50</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 15000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643c8ea40423fa0011283fac' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/rsm-singapore/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Valuing IP Pte Ltd

Redefining Assets , At Valuing IP, we make your Intangibles, Tangible!

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 21 to 25</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $400</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 3000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> Early Bird Promotion for our IP Valuation Software Subscription starting from USD 1,500 only! Limited to first 10 subscribers for each package. Savings up to 30% off!</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f4792662b62001209296b' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/valuing-ip-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### PricewaterhouseCoopers Singapore Pte. Ltd.

Community of solvers combining innovative technologies to build trust and deliver sustained outcomes

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 21 to 25</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 30000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/643f515ccac01400112be325' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/pricewaterhousecoopers-singapore-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Cushman & Wakefield VHS Pte Ltd

Professional service provider with comprehensive IA/IP valuation experience by qualified valuers

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 11 to 15</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 10000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> -</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642242cfb69f640012f5b8c5' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/cushman-wakefield-vhs-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Max Lewis Consultants Pte Ltd

Fair valuation of businesses, financial instruments, ESOS options, and intellectual property rights.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 6 to 10</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $401 to $800</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 10000</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/640e7c7002fada001204d744' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/max-lewis-consultants-pte-ltd/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### VALLARIS

VALLARIS helps entrepreneurs and CEOs with their mergers and acquisitions deals and disputes.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> Above $1200</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 10000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> N.A.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/642b8054d88e0800129c6474' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/vallaris/){:target='_blank'}

---

#### Dennemeyer

Founded in 1962, we offer full-service IP solutions globally with local support from Singapore.

<ul>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>No. of connections made on GoBusiness IP Grow:</b> 0</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Number of projects completed in previous calendar year:</b> 1 to 5</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Hourly rate:</b> $200 to $400</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Project fee starts from (SGD):</b> 20000</li>
<li style='line-height: 27px; margin: 0px 0px !important'><b>Offer:</b> (1) DIAMS Free Demo & Trial (2) Octimine Free Trial & Search Analytics Tutorial (3) 30-minute free IP consulting for corporates about an IP topic of their choice.</li>
</ul>

<a class='btn' href='https://form.gov.sg/645a0df502527d0013e68201' target='_blank' rel='noopener'>Connect</a>&emsp;[View Profile](/intellectual-property/ip-grow/dennemeyer/){:target='_blank'}

---
