---
title: Travel Agent Licence
permalink: /browse-all-licences/Singapore-Tourism-Board-(STB)/Travel-Agent-Licence
third_nav_title: Singapore Tourism Board (STB)
---

## Apply for Travel Agent Licence

Singapore Tourism Board (STB)

{% include button.html text="Apply on STB" src="https://trust.stb.gov.sg/public/public/ta-application-preamble" type="primary" %}

<H3>Application Details</H3>

<p>There are 2 types of travel agent licences:</p>
<ul>
<li><strong>Niche Licence<br /></strong>Under the Travel Agents Regulations 2017, a Niche licence is a licence that is subject to a condition restricting the licensee granted the licence to supply only tours within Singapore without any right of accommodation. An example of such a tour is a sit-in coach day tour. The Niche licence has minimum financial requirements of $50,000.</li>
<li><strong>General Licence<br /></strong>Under the Travel Agents Regulations 2017, a General licence is a licence that is not a Niche licence, i.e. it is a licence for travel agents conducting any other activity beyond what is described in the scope of a Niche licence. The General licence has minimum financial requirements of $100,000.</li>
</ul>
<p>You can visit the <a href="https://trust.stb.gov.sg/public/public/ta-application-preamble" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Travel Agents and Tourist Guides Licensing System (TRUST) website</a> for more information.</p>
<h3>FAQ</h3>
<ol>
<li><strong>Do I need to apply for this licence?<br /></strong>You will need to apply for a travel agent's licence with Singapore Tourism Board (STB) if your business falls within Section 4 of the Travel Agents Act (Cap. 334):<br />i. supplying any person a right to travel on any conveyance<br />ii. supplying any person<br />- a right to travel on any conveyance to; and<br />- a right of accommodation at a hotel or similar boarding premises at, one or more places, whether in Singapore or elsewhere<br />iii. purchasing, or reserving, for resale to a person a right to travel on any conveyance<br />iv. supplying any tour (whether or not organised by the person) to any other person; or<br />v. such other similar activity as may be prescribed.<br /><br />The term "supply", in relation to a travel product, includes the sale, or arranging for the provision, of the travel product.<br /><br /><strong>Despite the above, a person does not carry on the business of a travel agent if:<br /></strong>- For the activity mentioned in (a), the person carries on the activity only in respect of a conveyance the person owns;<br />- For the activities mentioned in (a) or (c), the person carries on the activity only in respect of a conveyance that is:<br />- used for a regular route service within the meaning of the Bus Services Industry Act 2015 (Act 30 of 2015); or<br />- used for a community bus service or courtesy bus service, within the meaning of the Bus Services Industry Act 2015, and that travels only within Singapore; or<br />- used for a train service within the meaning of the Public Transport Council Act (Cap. 259B);<br />- For the activity mentioned in (b), the person carries on the activity only in respect of:<br />- a conveyance the person owns; and<br />- a hotel or similar boarding premises the person owns or operates;<br />- For the activity mentioned in (d), the person carries on the activity only in respect of any place or point of interest that the person owns or operates.<br />- The person supplies a tour where participants only visit places or points of interest within Singapore and where:<br />- the person does not provide any conveyance to the participants of the tour (e.g. walking tours); or<br />- every participant is required to contribute to the movement of the conveyance provided (e.g. cycling tours);<br />- The person supplies a right to travel on any conveyance only within Singapore and does not carry on a business of supplying any tour.<br />- The person supplies services to a licensee for the purposes of a tour.<br /><br /><strong>Additionally, the following entities do not require a travel agent licence:<br /></strong>- Government and statutory boards<br />- Institutions of a Public Character<br /><br /><strong>Under Section 6 of the Travel Agents Act (Cap. 334), a person must not carry on the business of a travel agent unless the person is authorised to do so by a licence. Any person who contravenes or fails to comply with this requirement shall be guilty of an offence and shall be liable on conviction to a fine not exceeding $25,000 or to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or to both.<br /><br /></strong>You can visit the <a href="https://trust.stb.gov.sg/site/content/tagaem/landing-page/legislation.html" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Travel Agents and Tourist Guides Licensing System (TRUST) website</a> to download a copy of the Travel Agents Act (Cap. 334) and Regulations (Cap. 334, Rg 1).</li>
<li><strong>What conditions do I need to fulfil?<br /></strong>Before proceeding to apply for a Travel Agent's licence, you are required to fulfil the following conditions:<br />- Register the business with the Accounting & Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA).<br />- To apply for a travel agent licence, the business must meet the minimum financial requirements of S$50,000 (for Niche Licences) or S$100,000 (for General Licences).<br />- The latest set of management accounts (both Balance Sheet and Profit & Loss Statement) will be required for business entities incorporated for more than 18 months including entities with dormant status.<br />- Open a corporate bank account under the business entity's name.<br />- The latest bank statement reflecting the injection of the paid-up capital will be required.<br />- Set up an e-mail address specifically for the operation of your travel agency business.<br />- All applicants must nominate a suitable person as the Key Executive. The Key Executive is responsible for the day-to-day administration and operations of the travel agent. He/Sheshould preferably be a director of the business and/or have managerial experience in the travel business.<br />- Directors' Resolution on the appointment of the Key Executive will be required. The Directors' Resolution must be printed on the business entity's letter head and signed by more than 50% of all directors if the entity has two or more directors.<br />- A front and back copy of the Key Executive's identification card (e.g. NRIC, Employment Pass) will be required.<br />- A copy of the Key Executive's Resume, including previous employment, experience and qualification(s), will be required.<br />- Specify an office (e.g. home office scheme, commercial office) to be used for the conduct of the travel agency business. You may apply without an office premises first and seek STB's pre-approval. Confirmation of the office premises must be submitted within 3 months of the pre-approval.<br />- Sole-proprietors/partnerships are also required to submit their latest credit report.</li>
<li><strong>How to apply?<br /></strong>Applications for a travel agent licence must be made online via the <a href="https://trust.stb.gov.sg/public/public/ta-application-preamble" target="_blank" rel="noopener">Travel Agents & Tourist Guides Licensing System (TRUST) website</a>. An application fee of $200 is payable. You may save a draft at any point of time during the application. All saved drafts will expire after 90 days.</li>
<li><strong>How soon can my application be processed?<br /></strong>Each application will take approximately one to two weeks to process upon submission of complete supporting documents.</li>
<li><strong>How much is the license fee?<br /></strong>A licence fee of $400 is payable upon approval of the licence application.</li>
<li><strong>Who can I contact for further details?<br /></strong>For enquiries on licensing matters, please contact us at <a href="mailto:STB_TA@STB.GOV.SG">STB_TA</a>. You may also wish to refer to the User Guide on Travel Agent Licence Application via the <a href="https://trust.stb.gov.sg/site/content/tagaem/landing-page/user-guide.html">Travel Agents & Tourist Guides Licensing System (TRUST) website</a>.</li>
<li><strong>What are the roles and duties of a Key Executive?</strong>Q. <br />The Key Executive is responsible for the proper administration and management of the affairs of the travel agency. The Key Executive must also be contactable at all times.</li>
<li><strong>What are the criteria a Key Executive has to fulfil?</strong><br />The KE should be a Singaporean, Permanent Resident or a foreigner holding a valid employment pass (employment pass of minimum one year validity period is required if the Key Executive is a foreigner).The KE should preferably be a director of the company. Otherwise, he/she should have at least one year of managerial experience and be familiar with the travel business.The proposed Key Executive must submit his/her curriculum vitaeto STB for assessment and approval.</li>
<li><strong>Am I required to have an office premise for my business prior to my licence application?</strong><br />No, you are not required to secure an office premise at the time of applying your licence. You will be notified to locate a suitable office once your licence application has been approved in-principle.</li>
<li><strong>If my application is granted in-principle approval, can I start to operate my business?</strong><br />No. You are not allowed to commence business until STB grants final approval to your application.</li>
</ol>

