_run-and-grow/skillsfuture-for-enterprise/build-a-workplace-learning-culture.md, before:

---
title: Build a workplace learning culture
permalink: /skillsfuture-for-enterprise/build-a-workplace-learning-culture/
third_nav_title: SkillsFuture for Enterprise
---

## Step 5: Build a workplace learning culture

Keep the momentum going and continue to foster a culture of learning. You can repeat [Step 1](/skillsfuture-for-enterprise/understand-your-skills-needs/?src=rgp_skillsfuture_step5) to continue upskilling and future-proofing your workforce in emerging areas, or read on to find out how you can foster a culture of continuous learning at the workplace.  

----

### Stay up-to-date on emerging trends
Equip your workforce to meet changing job demands and stay competitive for the future through the [SkillsFuture Series](https://www.skillsfuture.gov.sg/series){:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener"}.  It comprises a comprehensive curation of modular courses covering emerging skills in the four economic growth pillars (Digital, Green, Care, and Industry 4.0). 

### How to build a workplace learning culture 
As most learnings happen at the workplace, you might want to consider putting a structured process to harness the rich collaborative learning among your employees and optimise work performance. 

You can approach: [National Centre of Excellence for Workplace Learning (NACE)](/enterprisejobskills/programmes-and-initiatives/learn-at-the-workplace/national-centre-of-excellence-for-workplace-learning--nace-/) which offers training and consultancy to help companies set up workplace learning systems based on leading practices from Germany and Switzerland. 

### Already have an established workplace learning system?
Get recognised for your efforts through the National Workplace Learning Certification programme. Find out more about the [certification process](https://www.nace.edu.sg/certification/processes-overview/){:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener"}. 


<script src="/jquery/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="/jquery/bp-menu-new-tab.js"></script>

Commit message:

SSg Changes - pending Germaine further updates

_run-and-grow/skillsfuture-for-enterprise/build-a-workplace-learning-culture.md, after:

---
title: Build a workplace learning culture
permalink: /skillsfuture-for-enterprise/build-a-workplace-learning-culture/
third_nav_title: SkillsFuture for Enterprise
---

## Step 5: Build a workplace learning culture

Keep the momentum going and continue to foster a culture of learning. You can repeat [Step 1](/skillsfuture-for-enterprise/understand-your-skills-needs/?src=rgp_skillsfuture_step5) to continue upskilling and future-proofing your workforce in emerging areas, or read on to find out how you can foster a culture of continuous learning at the workplace.  

----

### Stay up-to-date on emerging trends
Equip your workforce to meet changing job demands and stay competitive for the future through the [SkillsFuture Series](https://www.skillsfuture.gov.sg/series){:target="_blank"}{:rel="noopener"}.  It comprises a comprehensive curation of modular courses covering emerging skills in the four economic growth pillars (Digital, Green, Care, and Industry 4.0). 

### How to build a workplace learning culture 
As most learnings happen at the workplace, you might want to consider putting a structured process to harness the rich collaborative learning among your employees and optimise work performance. 

You can approach: [National Centre of Excellence for Workplace Learning (NACE)](/enterprisejobskills/programmes-and-initiatives/learn-at-the-workplace/national-centre-of-excellence-for-workplace-learning--nace-/) which offers training and consultancy to help companies set up workplace learning systems based on leading practices from Germany and Switzerland. 

### Already have an established workplace learning system?
Get recognised for your workplace learning efforts through the Workplace Learning:READY (WPL:READY) initiative, and help your workers get fast-tracked skills certifications through the Workplace Skills Recognition (WPSR) programme.

NACE is launching a new WPL:READY mark, which is a new foundational-level workplace learning certification targeted at helping SMEs develop effective on-the-job learning processes. Certified companies can work with SSG’s appointed training partners to formally recognise the skills their workers trained on-the-job, without the need for further external training.

Find out more about the [certification process](), and the [Workplace Skills Recognition programme]().

<script src="/jquery/jquery.min.js"></script>
<script src="/jquery/bp-menu-new-tab.js"></script>
