---
title: Terms of Use
permalink: /terms-of-use/
---

## Terms of Use

### 1 Introduction

1.1 These Terms of Use, as may be amended by us from time to time (these “**Terms**”), govern your access to and use of:

(a) GoBusiness Portal (“**GBP**”) website (accessible at https://www.gobusiness.gov.sg or such other URL as may be specified by us from time to time) (the “**Website**”);

(b) the services made available on or provided through the Website by us;

(c) the transactions carried out on or through the Website; and

(d) any Content (as defined in Clause 2.1) made available on or accessible through the abovementioned Website, services and/or transactions,

(collectively, the “**Services**”).

Where an Account (as defined in Clause 2.1) is required for the access or use of any Services, these Terms also govern the creation, management and use of the Account and any reference to “Services” in these Terms will include the “Account”. For the avoidance of doubt, if you do not have access to or use an Account, references to Account in these Terms shall not be applicable to you.

1.2 By accessing or using the Services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood these Terms and agreed to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms. You must not access or use the Services if you do not accept any of these Terms.

1.3 The Services are provided by the Government Technology Agency on behalf of the Government of Singapore ("**we**", "**us**" or "**our**" refers collectively to the Government of Singapore and Government Technology Agency).

1.4 We may change, modify or supplement these Terms, at our sole discretion, from time to time by posting the changed, modified or supplemented Terms on or through the Website or through such other means as we may deem appropriate. Your continued access to or use of the Services after such changes, modifications, supplements or amendments have been made to these Terms will constitute your agreement to the changed, modified or supplemented version of these Terms.

1.5 If you are accessing and using the Services or an Account on behalf of an Organisation (as defined in Clause 2.1), you represent and warrant that you have been validly authorised to (a) access and use the Services or that Account on behalf of the Organisation; and (b) agree to and bind the Organisation to these Terms. In such circumstances, any reference to “**you**” or “**your**” as used in these Terms shall include your Organisation.

1.6 These Terms only govern the relationship between us and you. The dealings between you and any other third party are not governed by these Terms. The extent to which the Services or Account is used by you may be subject to Third Party Terms as described in clause 6.

### 2 Definitions and Interpretation

2.1 In these Terms, unless the context otherwise requires:

“**Account**” means a GBP account or a GBP subscription.

“**Content**” means data, text, images, documents, sounds, codes, computer programs, software and databases that may be uploaded to, generated by, transmitted through or stored on the Services.

“**Device**” means a computer, laptop, mobile phone, smartphone, tablet, phablet or other device from which the Services or your Account may be accessed and used.

“**GBP**” has the meaning set out in Clause 1.1.

“**Guidelines**” means any additional terms, notices, instructions, guidelines, operating rules, directions or policies with respect to the Services or an Account, as may be issued or amended by us from time to time. Any amended version of any Guidelines shall apply to you and you are deemed to have read, understood and accepted the same, from the date such Guidelines are published on the Website or notified to you, whichever is earlier.

“**Intellectual Property Rights**” means patents, registered and unregistered design rights, industrial design rights, copyright, trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, logos, database rights and all other intellectual property rights, whether existing now or in the future, which are capable of protection in any relevant country in the world.

“**Losses**” means all liabilities, losses, damages, expenses and costs, including any loss of profit, direct, indirect or consequential losses.

“**Organisation**” means a company, limited liability partnership, partnership, association or other entity or body corporate.

“**Personal data**” has the meaning set out in the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012) and any subsidiary legislation made under it, as amended or revised from time to time.

“**Privacy Statement**” has the meaning set out in Clause 12.1.

“**Remedy**” has the meaning set out in Clause 19.2.

“**Statutory Board**” means a body corporate established by or under written law to perform or discharge any public function under the supervisory charge of a Government ministry or organ of state.

“**Services**” has the meaning set out in Clause 1.1.

“**Terms**” has the meaning set out in Clause 1.1.

“**Third Party**” has the meaning set out in Clause 6.1.

“**Third Party Services**” has the meaning set out in Clause 6.1.

“**Third Party Terms**” has the meaning set out in Clause 6.1.

“**Website**” has the meaning set out in Clause 1.1.

“**Your Content**” has the meaning set out in Clause 7.1.

2.2 The words “written” and “in writing” include any means of visible reproduction.

2.3 The headings are for convenience of reference only and shall not be taken into consideration for the purpose of interpretation.

2.4 References to a “person” include any individual, company, limited liability partnership, partnership or association or other entity or body corporate.

2.5 Unless a contrary intention appears, all references to “including” or any similar variations as used in these Terms means “including without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing” and “including but without limitation”.

2.6 Unless otherwise expressly stated, all references to “Clause” are references to a clause of these Terms. Where a clause number is quoted, the reference is being made to that clause bearing that clause number and to all the sub-clauses, if any, under that same clause number.

### 3 Licence and Usage Terms

3.1 The Services are owned by or licensed to us.

3.2 By accessing or using the Services, you agree to comply with any and all Terms and Guidelines, any amendments to the aforementioned issued by us from time to time, as well as any applicable laws and regulations.

3.3 Subject to these Terms, we grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sublicensable and revocable right to access and use the Services (including the Content) only for (a) transacting with us or any Statutory Board; and (b) internal business purposes. You must seek our prior written consent if you intend to access or use the Services (including the Content) for any other purpose.

3.4 You shall not, and shall not permit any other person to:

(a) modify, reverse-engineer, decompile, adapt, publish, re-distribute or sub-license any part of the Services, or interfere with or intercept any transaction which is part of the Services, without our prior written consent;

(b) access or use the Services to provide a third party access to such services or part of it, including renting, selling or leasing the Services (or any part thereof) to any other person, or directly or indirectly ;

(c) access or use the Services solely on behalf of any other person, or in an outsourcing or timesharing arrangement with any other person;

(d) reproduce, duplicate or copy any part of the Services, including any Content, without our prior written consent, except that you may make reasonable copies of any part of the Services solely for your personal or internal business use;

(e) remove, circumvent, impair, bypass, disable or otherwise interfere with any feature of the Services, including any feature that prevents or restricts:

- (i) access to or use of any particular functionalities or features of the Services;

- (ii) access to or use of any Account; or

- (iii) access to, use of or the copying of any Content;

(f) access, log into, manage or use any Account that is not yours, save where validly authorised to do so;

(g) misrepresent or make false or misleading claims regarding the Services or the ownership or source of the Services;

(h) access or use the Services for any illegal activity, unlawful purpose, or purposes prohibited by these Terms or in breach of these Terms;

(i) in the course of your access to or use of the Services, use, transmit or upload any device, software, malicious code, exploit or routine, including any virus, Trojan horse, worm, malware, time bomb, robot, spider, data-mining or data scraping tool and cancel bot that may:

- (i) damage or interfere with the proper operation of the Services;

- (ii) intercept, expropriate or destroy any Content or personal data; or

- (iii) introduce security vulnerabilities to the Services or the Accounts or Devices of any other persons;

(j) access or use the Services in any manner that could damage, disrupt, disable, overburden or impair the operation of the Services, interfere with access to or use of the Services by any other person, or impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on any system or server used in the provision of the Services;

(k) in the course of your access to or use of the Services, upload, submit, store or transmit any Content that:

- (i) is contrary to any law, statute, or subsidiary legislation;

- (ii) is false, offensive, defamatory, inaccurate, misleading or fraudulent; or

- (iii) violates or infringes the rights of any other person;

(l) access any Content not intended for you; and

(m) solicit user-id(s), passwords or personal data from any other person.

3.5 You shall immediately notify us if you are aware of or have any reason to suspect any vulnerability, defect, bug, exploit or other potential weakness in the Services. You shall not inform any other person of such vulnerability, defect, bug, exploit or potential weakness, without our prior written consent.

3.6 Where you have authorised another person to access and use the Services on your behalf, you shall ensure that such person complies fully with these Terms as though the words “you” or “your” in these Terms refer to such person. You shall be solely responsible for any breach of these Terms by such person.

3.7 You agree to indemnify and keep us harmless against all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses (including legal costs on an indemnity basis) made against or suffered or incurred by us arising directly or indirectly out of:

(a) your access or use of the Website and/or the Services; and/or

(b) your non-compliance with these Terms.

### 4 Access to your Account and the Services

4.1 You understand that the Services are intended to help you transact with us or any Statutory Board by electronic means. For example, the Services may allow you to apply to us or any Statutory Board for new licences, amend or cancel existing licences and renew expiring licences.

4.2 Some Services may require you to subscribe for or create a new Account, or log into your existing Account to access and use such Services. For example, Services that allow you to subscribe for notification of the latest Government tenders for your sector. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality, safekeeping and security of the user-id(s), passwords and other details associated with your Account.

4.3 You must not share the user-id(s), passwords and other details associated with your Account with any other person, unless such person has been validly authorised to access, manage and use your Account on your behalf. You shall ensure that any such person is duly authorised at all times to access, manage and use your Account, and you shall take steps to remove the access of any such person if that person is no longer authorised to do so.

4.4 You must notify us immediately if you are aware of or have any reason to suspect that the user-id(s), passwords or other details associated with your Account have been compromised or accessed without your permission.

4.5 You agree that:

(a) you shall be solely liable and responsible for any communications, transactions or activities originating from, occurring under, referable to, or conducted through your Account;

(b) any use or purported use of the Account whether or not authorised by you, referable to your Account will be deemed to be (i) use of the Account by you and (ii) information, data, instructions or communications transmitted and validly issued by you; and

(c) you shall be responsible for any use or purported use of the Account whether or not authorised by you, referable to your Account, and we may act upon, rely on and/hold you responsible and liable as if the same were carried out, transmitted or issued by you.

We do not have any obligation to verify the authenticity of any such communications, transactions and activities, or the identity of the person accessing, managing or using your Account. We shall not be liable or responsible for any Losses incurred, paid by or suffered by you or any other person arising out of or in connection with any unauthorised access, management or use of your Account.

4.6 To the fullest extent permitted by law, you shall not challenge the validity or authenticity of any communications, transactions or activities originating from, occurring under, referable to, or conducted through your Account.

4.7 You shall comply with all applicable laws and Guidelines.

### 4A Transactions

4A.1 Without prejudice to the other provisions in these Terms and the Privacy Statement, the terms and conditions in this Clause 4A shall apply to all transactions performed through the Website and/or in the Services.

4A.2 You agree:

(a) to follow and accept all instructions and information in this Website when performing a transaction;

(b) to provide information which is true, current, correct, complete and accurate when performing a transaction;

(c) not to perform any speculative, false or fraudulent transaction;

(d) to pay all fees (if any) in respect of your transaction;

(e) that it is your responsibility to inform us of any data discrepancies, including but not limited to inaccurate or out-dated data;

(f) that it is your responsibility to declare the correctness and completeness of the data that is or will be submitted to us; and

(g) we and the data source agency (if any) are not liable for any damage or loss caused to you due to any data errors.

4A.3 You shall ensure that all information submitted to us is complete, accurate, true and correct. Where supporting documents are requested and/or needed, you should ensure all information submitted to us is consistent with the supporting documents. Failure to do so may results in delay in processing or rejection of the application. You may be liable for costs incurred due to out of date, false, incomplete, inaccurate or incorrect information submitted.

4A.4 We reserve the right to cancel or reject your transaction without refund or paying any compensation to you if any transaction details or communication you have provided is not current, incomplete, inaccurate, incorrect or false.

### 5 Our rights

5.1 We may, at any time and at our sole discretion:

(a) enhance, upgrade, reduce or otherwise modify the functionalities or features of the Services (or any part thereof), in which case, these Terms will apply to all such enhancements, upgrades, reductions or modifications;

(b) suspend, deny or restrict your access to or use of the Services (or any part thereof);

(c) deactivate or terminate your Account, in which case, all rights granted to you in relation to your Account shall automatically cease;

(d) discontinue or terminate the Services (or any part thereof), in which case, all rights granted to you in relation to the discontinued or terminated part(s) of the Services (including the rights under Clause 3.2) shall automatically cease; or

(e) introduce, restrict or vary access to the Services,

without ascribing any reasons and without having to notify you or assign any reason, and without being liable or responsible to you for any Losses or compensation.

5.2 Without prejudice to Clause 5.1, we may terminate your Account with immediate effect (and take all such action as we consider appropriate) without having to notify you and without being liable or responsible to you for any Losses or compensation, if you breach these Terms or any applicable laws or Guidelines.

5.3 We may, at our sole discretion, provide maintenance and support services for the Services, and determine the type and nature of such maintenance and support services.

5.4 We may, at any time and at our sole discretion, take such verification measures which may include:

(a) requiring you or any person validly authorised to access, manage or use your Account to prove the identity of the person accessing, managing or using your Account, or confirm or validate the authenticity of the communications, transactions or activities originating from, occurring under, referable to, or conducted through your Account; or

(b) declining or delaying to act on communications, transactions or activities originating from, occurring under, referable to, or conducted through your Account, until the identity of the person accessing, managing or using your Account has been proven, or the authenticity of such communications, transactions or activities has been confirmed or validated.

5.5 For the avoidance of doubt, we do not have any obligation to take such verification measures set out in Clause 5.4. We shall not be liable or responsible for any Losses incurred, paid by or suffered by you or any other person arising out of or in connection with any verification measure taken or not taken by us pursuant to Clause 5.4.

5.6 Notwithstanding anything in these Terms, we may, at our sole discretion, terminate, reverse or undo any communication, transaction or activity originating from, occurring under, referable to, or conducted through your Account, if we discover or have any reason to suspect that such communication, transaction or activity was not validly authorised by you. We shall not be liable or responsible for any Losses incurred, paid by or suffered by you or any other person arising out of or in connection with the termination, reversal or undoing of any such communication, transaction or activity.

### 6 Third Party Terms

6.1 The Services may require, enable, provide or facilitate access to or use of websites, software or services (the “**Third Party Services**”) of another person (including any Statutory Board) (“**Third Party**”) and may be used in combination with software or services of such Third Party to electronically identify, authenticate, or authorise users prior to their access or use of the Third Party Services.

In such case, there may be terms of use and privacy statements that govern your access to and use of such Third Party Services (the “**Third Party Terms**”). An example of Third Party Terms may be terms that apply to (a) user authentication systems; (b) services made available, provided or maintained by any Statutory Board; (c) open source software; or (d) distribution platforms such as Google Play or App Store from which you obtain the Services. Third Party Terms may be embedded in the Services (whether as hyperlinks or otherwise) or made available on or through the relevant Third Party Services.

6.2 You are responsible for checking and reading the most updated version of all applicable Third Party Terms and you agree to comply with and be legally bound by such Third Party Terms.

6.3 You agree to indemnify and keep us harmless against all claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, costs or expenses (including legal costs on an indemnity basis) howsoever arising out of or in connection with your access or use of such Third Party websites, software or services and/or your non-compliance with the Third Party Terms which causes us or the Third Parties to breach any of the Third Party Terms.

6.4 Nothing in the Services constitutes an endorsement by us of the Third Party Services, or any content made available or accessible through such Third Party Services. We do not make any representations or warranties of any kind whatsoever in relation to the Third Party Services, or any content made available or accessible through such Third Party Services. Your access to and use of the Third Party Services, and your reliance on the contents made available or accessible through such Third Party Services are solely at your own risk.

6.5 We shall not be liable or responsible for Losses incurred, paid by or suffered by you or any other person arising out of or in connection with your access to or use of the Third Party Services, or your reliance on the contents made available or accessible through such Third Party Services.

### 7 Your Content

7.1 You may be required to upload, submit, store or transmit Content in the course of your access to and use of the Services or your Account (“**Your Content**”). You retain full ownership and control over Your Content, and we do not claim any ownership over Your Content (or any part thereof).

7.2 You shall grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide and royalty-free right to reproduce, disclose, use or otherwise deal with Your Content for any or all of the following purposes:

(a) to enable us or any Statutory Board to transact with you;

(b) to assist or facilitate the creation, management and use of your Account, and your access to and use of the Services;

(c) to enable us or third party service providers engaged by us to provide the Services (or any part thereof) to you;

(d) to carry out your instructions or respond to any queries, feedback or complaints provided by you, or otherwise respond to or deal with your interactions with us;

(e) to monitor and track your usage of the Services, in order to assist us in understanding your interests, concerns and preferences, and improving the Services;

(f) to conduct research, data analytics, surveys, market studies and similar activities, in order to assist us in understanding your interests, concerns and preferences, improving the Services, or formulating policies;

(g) to create reports and produce statistics regarding your transactions with us or any Statutory Board, or your usage of the Services, for security monitoring, audit, record-keeping or reporting purposes;

(h) to carry out verification checks, due diligence or other screening activities (including background checks) as may be required by us or any Statutory Board;

(i) to create and store backups of Your Content (whether for contingency or business continuity purposes or otherwise), whether within or outside Singapore;

(j) to prevent or investigate any fraudulent, illegal or unlawful activity, or to respond to any feedback or complaints about you;

(k) to enable us or any Statutory Board to communicate with you on any matters relating to your access to and use of the Services or your Account, and for any or all of the purposes set out in this Clause 7.2, by telephone, electronic mail, text messages, push notifications or such other forms of communication that we may introduce from time to time depending on the functionalities and features of the Services or your Device(s); and

(l) to do anything incidental or necessary to achieve any or all of the purposes set out in this Clause 7.2.

7.3 We will seek your consent if we intend to reproduce, disclose, use or otherwise deal with Your Content for any other purpose that is not set out in Clause 7.2, unless such consent is not required under the law.

7.4 We may, at any time and at our sole discretion, process, modify, remove, delete or purge Your Content (or any part thereof), without having to notify you or assign any reason, and without being liable or responsible to you for any Losses or compensation.

7.5 Without limiting the Privacy Statement, you agree that it is your responsibility to ensure that Your Content is complete, accurate, true and correct. If you choose to rely on the personal data contained in Your Content for the purpose of any Services, it is your responsibility to ensure that all personal data submitted for purposes of such transactions or Services is complete, accurate, true and correct. You shall be responsible for any and all Losses suffered by you, us, or any third party, arising out of or in connection with such personal data not being complete, accurate, true or correct and we shall not be liable for any such Losses.

7.6 You are responsible for Your Content and you upload, submit, store or transmit Your Content solely at your own risk. Notwithstanding anything in these Terms, we do not have any obligation to retain or store Your Content, or to create and store backups of Your Content, in any manner whatsoever. You are encouraged to create and store backups of Your Content at all times.

### 8 Your consent for the Services to access your Device

8.1 Your access to and use of the Services may require you to:

(a) have an adequate internet connection;

(b) have a compatible Device; and

(c) allow access by the Services to certain functions of your Device where such functions are available, including your Device's camera, push notifications, the obtaining or sharing of your location, or the collection of data from you in connection with your access to and use of the Services. By accessing or using the Services, you consent to access by the Services of such functions of your Device as may be reasonably required by the Services.

8.2 You may not be able to use certain functionalities or features of the Services if you do not comply with the requirements set out in Clause 8.1.

### 9 Security

9.1 Where appropriate, we use available technology to protect the security of communications made through the Services. However, we shall not be liable or responsible for the security, authenticity, integrity or confidentiality of any transactions or other communications made through the Services. You carry out any transactions or communications at your own risk.

9.2 Internet communications may be susceptible to interference or interception by third parties. We make no representations or warranties that the Services are free of infection by computer viruses or other unauthorised software. This is without prejudice to Clause 13.2.

9.3 You should take appropriate steps to keep your information, software and equipment (for example, Your Content, your personal data and your Device(s)) secure. This includes clearing your internet browser cookies and cache before and after accessing and using the Services.

9.4 Please note that we will not ask you for your user-id(s), passwords or other details associated with your Account, other than as part of your use of the user authentication system (for example, Corppass or Singpass) for the purpose of accessing the Services or your Account.

9.5 For more infocomm security tips, please visit https://www.csa.gov.sg/gosafeonline.

### 10 Hyperlinks

10.1 Insofar as the Services contain or provide any hyperlink(s) to material not maintained or controlled by us (including any Third Party Services), we shall not be liable or responsible for the availability or content of any such hyperlinked material. Your access to or use of such hyperlinked material is solely at your own risk.

10.2 We shall not be liable for any Losses incurred, paid by or suffered by you or any other person arising out of or in connection with your access to or use of any hyperlinks in the Services, or your reliance on the contents made available or accessible through such hyperlinks.

10.3 The hyperlinks in the Services are provided merely as a convenience to you. Under no circumstances shall we be considered to have endorsed, or be associated or affiliated with, (a) any trademarks, service marks, trade names, domain names, logos, insignia or other devices used or appearing on any hyperlinked material; or (b) the provider(s) of such hyperlinked material.

10.4 You shall not create a cache or hyperlink to, or frame any part of the Services unless you have obtained our prior written consent.

10.5 We may, at any time and at our sole discretion, disable or change the URL of the Website stated in Clause 1.1. You create any links to the Website at your own risk.

10.6 We may, at any time and at our sole discretion, object to or disable any links to, or frames of, any part of the Services without having to notify you or assign any reason, and without being liable or responsible to you for any Losses or compensation.

### 11 Intellectual Property

11.1 The Intellectual Property Rights in the Services, including any Content, are owned by or licensed to us. Without prejudice to Clause 3.3, you shall not infringe the Intellectual Property Rights in the Services, including the Content. Without limiting the foregoing, you shall not use in any way and shall not reproduce any trademark, logo, trade name and similar mark that are associated with GBP or the Website, without our prior written consent, or that of the relevant Third Party (as the case may be).

11.2 You shall not remove, obscure or alter any copyright notices, proprietary rights notices, trademarks, service marks, trade names, or logos contained within, applied to or made available or accessible in conjunction with or through the Services.

11.3 We do not represent or warrant that your access to and use of the Services will not constitute an infringement or misuse of the rights and interests of any other person, including the Intellectual Property Rights belonging to such person.

11.4 You shall not make any deletions, additions, adjustments, alterations, adaptations or modifications to any part of the Services or Content. You acknowledge and agree that any deletion, addition, adjustment, alteration, adaptation or modification of any part of the Services or Content is a violation of intellectual property rights subsisting therein.

11.5 Except as expressly permitted by these Terms, you shall not reproduce, publish, upload, post, display, transmit or otherwise distribute any part of the Services or Content in any manner or in any form, without our prior written permission. You acknowledge and agree that any use of the Services or Content otherwise than in accordance with these Terms is a violation of intellectual property rights subsisting therein.

### 12 Privacy Statement

12.1 We may handle, collect, store, use, disclose or otherwise process personal data belonging to you or any other person in the course of your access to and use of the Services or your Account. We will handle, collect, store, use, disclose or otherwise process such personal data in accordance with our privacy statement, as may be amended by us from time to time (accessible at https://www.gobusiness.gov.sg/privacy or such other URL as may be specified by us from time to time) (our “**Privacy Statement**”).

12.2 Please refer to our Privacy Statement for more details. By accessing or using the Services or your Account, you acknowledge that you have read and understood our Privacy Statement and agreed to comply with and be legally bound by our Privacy Statement. You must not access or use the Services or your Account if you do not accept any of the terms of our Privacy Statement. The Privacy Statement forms an integral part of these Terms.

12.3 For the avoidance of doubt, the personal data belonging to you, or that may relate to a third party individual and is provided by you, may be collected, used, disclosed and/or processed for the purposes set out in the Privacy Statement, including any purposes that may be notified by us to you on or before such personal data is collected, used, disclosed or processed.

### 13 Disclaimers and limitation of liability

13.1 The Content made available or accessible through the Services is offered for informational purposes only and do not constitute professional advice. The Content made available or accessible through the Services may not be correct, complete, current or accurate and you should perform your own checks or obtain professional advice relevant to your particular circumstances.

13.2 The Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without warranties of any kind. The accessibility and operation of the Services may rely on technologies outside our control. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not make any warranties or representations of any kind whatsoever in relation to the Services, and hereby disclaim all express, implied and statutory warranties or representations of any kind, whether arising from usage or custom or trade or by operation of law or otherwise, including any warranties or representations:

(a) that the Services, or your access to and use of any functionality or feature of the Services, will be continuously accessible, uninterrupted, free of bugs, free from human tampering or intervention, free from virus or other malicious, destructive or corrupting code, programme or macro, free from transmission errors or otherwise error-free, or that there will not be any defects or deficiencies in the Services;

(b) as to the security of the Services, or the safekeeping or security of Your Content, including content that you upload, submit, store or transmit in the course of accessing, using and subscribing for any Services; and

(c) as to the accuracy, completeness, correctness, reliability, timeliness, availability, security, non-infringement, title, merchantability, satisfactory quality or fitness for any particular purpose of the Services.

13.3 We shall not be liable or responsible for any Losses incurred, paid by or suffered by you or any other person arising out of or in connection with:

(a) your access to and use of the Services or the Third Party Services;

(b) any loss or unavailability of access to or use of the Services or the Third Party Services, howsoever caused;

(c) your Device not working or functioning properly;

(d) any inaccuracy or incompleteness in, or errors or omissions in the transmission of, the Services or any Content made available or accessible via the Services;

(e) your reliance on any Content made available or accessible through the Services, or any action or omission taken by you or any other person in reliance on such Content;

(f) any delay, failure or interruption in the transmission of the Services or the Third Party Services, whether caused by errors in operation or transmission, communications delay, failure, internet access difficulties, malfunctions in equipment or software or otherwise;

(g) any error, defect or deficiency in, or in the transmission of, the Services or the Third Party Services; or

(h) any loss or corruption of data or Your Content or any damage to your Device(s) or other property.

13.4 Insofar as the Services facilitate or require the provision, use or functioning of, or are provided in conjunction with, other products, software, materials or services, we make no representation or warranty in relation to such other products, software, materials or services (including without limitation any representation or warranty as to timeliness, reliability, availability, interoperability, quality, security, fitness for purpose, non-infringement, suitability or accuracy).

13.5 You shall not rely on the Services (or any part thereof) to claim or assert any form of legitimate expectation against us, whether procedural or substantive in nature, in respect of any action that we may or may not take in the exercise of our discretion, or arising out of or in connection with our roles and functions as a public authority or otherwise. This includes without limitation:

(a) any information, Content or recommendations provided by the Services in respect of any Government assistance is not an indication that your application to us or any Statutory Board for any Government assistance will be approved or granted. You will be required to comply with all other terms and conditions governing any such application, as may imposed by the relevant agency administering the Government assistance; and

(b) your application to us or any Statutory Board for a new licence/permit, or the renewal of an expiring licence/permit, does not mean that such application will be approved. You will be required to comply with all other terms and conditions governing any such application, as may imposed by the relevant licence/permit issuance authority.

### 14 Fees

14.1 We reserve the right to introduce new fees or revise existing fees for your access to and use of the Services from time to time. Any new or revised fees shall apply from the date such new or revised fees are published on the Website or notified to you, whichever is earlier. We are not responsible for any fees charged by any other Third Party Services, internet site, application, software, service, product or otherwise that is not provided by us.

### 15 Updates

15.1 We may, from time to time and at our sole discretion, issue, release or provide updates or upgrades to, or new versions of, the Services. Such updates, upgrades or new versions may be implemented or installed automatically, or may require action on your part. The Services may not operate properly or at all if you do not implement or install the updates, upgrades or new versions where you are required to do so. For the avoidance of doubt, we do not guarantee that any such updates, upgrades or new versions will be made available, or that such updates, upgrades or new versions will continue to be compatible with your Device or its operating system.

### 16 Payments using credit card / direct debit and refunds

16.1 You shall ensure that any credit card or direct debit information that you provide through the Services is true, correct, current and complete. If collection of payment through direct debit from your designated bank account is unsuccessful, we shall not have any obligation to process the communication, transaction or activity to which the unsuccessful payment relates. You shall bear all charges imposed by the relevant bank, including charges (a) in relation to maintenance of your bank account; (b) in relation to all debits of payment where relevant (whether successful or unsuccessful); and (c) incurred by us or any Statutory Board in connection with any unsuccessful debit of payment from your designated bank account.

16.2 If payment is successful, you will receive an acknowledgment transaction code, by electronic mail or such other forms of communication that we may introduce from time to time depending on the functionalities and features of the Services or your Device(s). You shall retain and use the acknowledgment transaction code as a reference for any subsequent communication with us or any Statutory Board.

16.3 Any application for a refund of payments made through the Services must be made to the relevant licence/permit issuance authority. Any such application may be subject to terms and conditions imposed by the relevant licence/permit issuance authority.

### 17 Governing law and jurisdiction

17.1 These Terms shall be subject to, governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Singapore.

17.2 Any dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms or the access or use of the Services, including any question regarding the existence, validity or termination of these Terms, shall be referred to and finally resolved in the Courts of the Republic of Singapore and you hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the Republic of Singapore.

### 18 Rights of third parties

18.1 Save for the Statutory Boards, a person who is not a party to these Terms shall have no right to enforce any provision of these Terms.

18.2 Any Statutory Board may enforce and rely on these Terms to the same extent as if it was a party to these Terms.

18.3 We may amend these Terms without the consent of any Statutory Board.

### 19 General

19.1 In the event that any provision in these Terms is determined to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, such provision or part of it shall, to the extent it is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, be deemed not to form part of these Terms and the legality, validity and enforceability of the remainder of these Terms shall not be affected.

19.2 In no event shall any delay, failure or omission on our part in enforcing any right, power, privilege, claim or remedy (“**Remedy**”), which is conferred under these Terms or at law or in equity, or arises from any breach by you, (a) be deemed to be construed as a waiver or variation thereof, or of any other such Remedy, in respect of the particular circumstances in question, or (b) operate so as to bar the enforcement or exercise thereof, or of any other such Remedy in any other instances at any time or times thereafter.

19.3 No waiver of any breach of these Terms shall be deemed to be a waiver of any other or of any subsequent breach.

19.4 Any waiver granted under these Terms must be in writing and may be given subject to conditions. Such waiver under these Terms shall be effective only in the instance and for the purpose for which it is given.

19.5 Any consent given under these Terms may be subject to such conditions as we consider appropriate.

This version of these Terms is dated 2 December 2022.
